Background
The University of Victoria currently lacks a central or active tutor portal, and all existing portals are inactive and spread across departments. This makes it difficult for students to access extra resources needed to excel in their classes. Students are already paying thousands for classes, paying premiums for tutors they can’t afford due to lack of availability is an unnecessary strain on the mental health of UVic students.

Project Opportunity
This project aims to take advantage of this opportunity by connecting students in need of tutoring with people who are willing to provide it. These can be current students, or people in industry willing to help current students. By doing so, we hope to improve the grades within the student base.

Project Objectives
This project will allow students to search for tutors in a much easier fashion, and allow tutors to have an easier time advertising their services. 

Project Assumptions and Dependencies
In order for this project to succeed, we rely on a few key assumptions. The first and primary assumption is that students need help with certain classes. Our second assumption is that people want to help students, and make money in the process. 

Major Features / Initial release scope
The initial version will have two types of users, tutors and students. 

Tutors will be able to create a calendar of their availability, which is public to all website users. They will also be able to post a public list of classes they are able to tutor, along with the rates they will charge. Tutors will be required to provide proof of grades in the classes that they wish to tutor. There will be a 5 star rating system for tutors, that is only available for use after a confirmed tutoring session but will be visible to everyone

Students will also be able to register for accounts, and search for tutors in the classes that they are taking. They will be able to filter by rating, price, subject, or year of academic standing

The website will only be available through a sign up / log in system that requires email verification to ensure all users are real people. 



Limitations and exclusions
Several limitations are being imposed on the project to ensure quality of tutors:
Tutors must be available a minimum number of hours per week
Tutors must meet a minimum grade / GPA requirement

Stakeholder Profiles
There are three main stakeholders for the project:
 students who will use the application to find tutors
 students who are looking to tutor for work
the university, since they already offer some tutoring services

Project Priorities
